Feature/update readme (#16)
ga4gh/ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-broker: CONFIGURATION.md

## Configuration

> The Passport Broker service can be configured with custom properties, affecting behavior at runtime. There is an example config file present in this repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Passport Broker service can be configured with custom properties, affecting behavior at runtime. Here is an example config file:
```

> The Passport Broker service can be configured with custom properties, affecting behavior at runtime. There is an example config file present in this repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Passport Broker service can be configured with custom properties, affecting behavior at runtime. Here is an example config file:
```

```
passportBrokerConfig:
  serverProps:
    scheme: http
    publicApiPort: 7000
    adminApiPort: 7001
  serviceInfo:
    id: org.ga4gh.starterkit.passport.broker.custom.test
    name: Passport Broker Custom Config Test Deployment
    description: Passport Broker test deployment using custom configurations
    contactUrl: mailto:test@ga4gh.org
    organization:
      name: GA4GH
      url: https://ga4gh.org
```

This configuration file modifies some fields, but there are many more fields that can be configured.

## YAML config file

> The YAML config file must contain a single root property of `drs`, under which all subconfigurations are located:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The YAML config file must contain a single root property of `passportBrokerConfig`, under which all subconfigurations are located:
```

| documentationUrl | URL to where documentation about the service is hosted | https://github.com/ga4gh/ga4gh-starter-kit-passport-broker |
| createdAt | timestamp of when the service was first started | 2022-04-27T09:00:00Z |
| updatedAt | timestamp of when the service was last updated | 2022-04-27T09:00:00Z |
| environment | describes what environment the service is running in (e.g. dev, test, prod) | test |
| version | the service version | 0.1.1 |
| organization.name | name of the organization hosting the service | Global Alliance for Genomics and Health |
| organization.url | URL to organization homepage | https://ga4gh.org |
| type.group | the service umberlla that houses this implementation | org.ga4gh |
| type.artifact | GA4GH standard implemented | passport-broker |
| type.version | version of the implemented GA4GH standard | 1.0.0 |

## brokerProps

```
brokerProps:
    passportIssuer: http://localhost:4455/
    brokerSecret: 1F4B4EBC23ABE9C1AFFFD5531C95F
```

| Attribute | Description | Default |
|-----------|-------------|---------|
| passportIssuer | URL to passport issuer organization's domain | https://ga4gh.org |

> | brokerSecret | ? | insecureSecretPleaseOverride |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| brokerSecret | The secret string used by the passport broker to mint a Passport JWT | insecureSecretPleaseOverride |
```
